README.md, before:

# Résumé

<!-- Shields
[![Build Status][travis-badge]][travis] [![Coverage Status][codecov-badge]][codecov]
-->

> 📄 Résumé - Just me getting jobs


## References/Resources

On preparing resumes

- [Udacity carrer resource center](https://career-resource-center.udacity.com)
- [Pimp up you resume by Yegor Bugayenko](https://www.yegor256.com/2016/03/08/pimp-up-your-resume.html)
- [Yegor's Carrer Tips](https://www.yegor256.com/tag/career)
- [Sobre um CV que seja reflexo do que sabes é o que é importante para a posição by Dário Mungoi](https://www.leveluup.app/blogs/levelup-daily/sobre-um-cv-que-seja-reflexo-do-que-sabes-e-o-que-e-importante-para-a-posicao)
- [The Developer Resume Is Dead: Long Live the Portfolio](https://www.toptal.com/freelance-programmer/developer-resume-portfolios)
- https://www.toptal.com <- they have a plenty of resumes for each of their
  employees.
-  

On interviews

- https://www.interviewcake.com/
- [PHP RoundTable - 077: Tech Interviews for Self-Taught PHP Programmers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpGmDbw58rk)
- [Cracking the Coding Interview](http://www.crackingthecodinginterview.com/)

## Contributing

See [`contributing.md` in `dareenzo/resume`][contributing] for ways to get started.

This repo has a [Code of Conduct][coc].  By interacting with this
repository, organization, or community you agree to abide by its terms.

## Self-Promo

Like Résumé? Star the repository on
[GitHub](https://github.com/dareenzo/resume).

Love Résumé? Follow [dareenzo](https://dareenzo.github.io) on
[GitHub](https://github.com/dareenzo) and
[Twitter](http://twitter.com/dareenzo).

## License

[MIT][license] © [Paulo Phagula][author]

<!-- Definitions -->

[travis-badge]: https://img.shields.io/travis/dareenzo/resume.svg

[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/resume/to-resume

[license]: LICENSE

[author]: https://dareenzo.github.io

[contributing]: https://github.com/dareenzo/resume/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

[coc]: https://github.com/dareenzo/resume/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Commit message:

docs: add "How to Work at Google" Youtube Video to README.md

README.md, after:

# Résumé

<!-- Shields
[![Build Status][travis-badge]][travis] [![Coverage Status][codecov-badge]][codecov]
-->

> 📄 Résumé - Just me getting jobs


## References/Resources

On preparing resumes

- [Udacity carrer resource center](https://career-resource-center.udacity.com)
- [Pimp up you resume by Yegor Bugayenko](https://www.yegor256.com/2016/03/08/pimp-up-your-resume.html)
- [Yegor's Carrer Tips](https://www.yegor256.com/tag/career)
- [Sobre um CV que seja reflexo do que sabes é o que é importante para a posição by Dário Mungoi](https://www.leveluup.app/blogs/levelup-daily/sobre-um-cv-que-seja-reflexo-do-que-sabes-e-o-que-e-importante-para-a-posicao)
- [The Developer Resume Is Dead: Long Live the Portfolio](https://www.toptal.com/freelance-programmer/developer-resume-portfolios)
- https://www.toptal.com <- they have plenty of resumes from each of their
  employees.
- [How to: Work at Google - Resume Tips](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrXZBkYzuZo) Youtube Video

On interviews

- https://www.interviewcake.com/
- [PHP RoundTable - 077: Tech Interviews for Self-Taught PHP Programmers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpGmDbw58rk)
- [Cracking the Coding Interview](http://www.crackingthecodinginterview.com/)

## Contributing

See [`contributing.md` in `dareenzo/resume`][contributing] for ways to get started.

This repo has a [Code of Conduct][coc].  By interacting with this
repository, organization, or community you agree to abide by its terms.

## Self-Promo

Like Résumé? Star the repository on
[GitHub](https://github.com/dareenzo/resume).

Love Résumé? Follow [dareenzo](https://dareenzo.github.io) on
[GitHub](https://github.com/dareenzo) and
[Twitter](http://twitter.com/dareenzo).

## License

[MIT][license] © [Paulo Phagula][author]

<!-- Definitions -->

[travis-badge]: https://img.shields.io/travis/dareenzo/resume.svg

[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/resume/to-resume

[license]: LICENSE

[author]: https://dareenzo.github.io

[contributing]: https://github.com/dareenzo/resume/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md

[coc]: https://github.com/dareenzo/resume/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
