tips.md, before:

# Tips

- An effective resume is target to a specific job; its important to tell them
  what you're looking for and they'll match you to a job
- Target it to a specific job role by picking the JD, extracting keywords from
  it and making your resume adequate to it.
- Highlight what makes you unique and stand out from the crowd
- Convey your skills consicely
- Work Experience Description bullet points should convey:
  - Action
  - Numbers
  - Success
- 1 Page summary of your professional background; drop hobbies and references;
- 1 Page only. Recruiters don't read second pages unless they're looking for seniors
- Use PDF to make sure your formatting is preserved regardless of the reader
- Have a base resume, which for each application you can copy and tweak to match
  its JD by emphasizing certain aspects
- Always state when was the last update, who knows where this is going to land

- Name the file sensible, people should be able to tell from the filename that
  it is a resume, who owns it, in which language it is and when it was last updated,
  e.g: CV-Paulo_-Phagula-English-2018-Jan

- Your CV should be usable both digitally and in-print, meaning I should be able to
  see the URLs on it when printed and be able to click on them when on a computer
- Soft skills should be demostrated in the work experience description not as a list,
  that is for technical skills
- When adding any sort of graph make sure it is understandable. There are lots
  of people adding some sort of graph to measure their skills, that go "JavaScript 35%",
  but what does that mean? Does the person understand 35% of JavaScript?

- Briefly describe your education: Which projects are you most proud of? Were you
  involved in any student groups? Did you receive any awards or recognition?

- Briefly describe you position: what were your day-to-day tasks at this role?
  What problems did you solve? How did your work improve the product? What
  technologies did you use?
  At least 1 of these bullet points demonstrates an individual contribution.
  At least 1 of these bullet points communicates a project result (success metrics, findings).

- When listing references, say who they are, what they do and what is the
  relation with them, i.e. why are they ideal people to recommend you, were they
  your boss or customer.

- as a first hire at UX I
- I helped scale our systems from a single server to an load balanced AWS hosted
  setup. From 1 country to 4 four.
- Developed an internal tool used by our international content management team
  to effortlessly generate and previews, the ads for facebook, allowing the designers to have more
  free time for more interesting teams, and completely removing the time the content
  publisher would waiting for the designer.
- Developed the libraries that are now used company wise for integration with
  SMS and USSD providers for all country operators. The library was initially
  developed for Biscate, but was just decoupled such that it alloed resued and
  have since then been used for MOPA, SOMA and SOGA.

- Without being over descriptive communicate what language you used

Commit message:

Fix typos and move unrelated content elsewhere

tips.md, after:

# Tips

- An effective resume is target to a specific job; its important to tell them
  what you're looking for and they'll match you to a job
- Target it to a specific job role by picking the JD, extracting keywords from
  it and making your resume adequate to it.
- Highlight what makes you unique and stand out from the crowd
- Convey your skills concisely
- Work Experience Description bullet points should convey:
  - Action
  - Numbers
  - Success

   A nice way of showing it is using the formula "Accomplished [X] as measured by [Y] by doing [Z]"

- 1 Page summary of your professional background; drop hobbies and references;
- 1 Page only. Recruiters don't read second pages unless they're looking for seniors
- Use PDF to make sure your formatting is preserved regardless of the reader
- Have a base resume, which for each application you can copy and tweak to match
  its JD by emphasizing certain aspects
- Always state when was the last update, who knows where this is going to land

- Name the file sensible, people should be able to tell from the filename that
  it is a resume, who owns it, in which language it is and when it was last updated,
  e.g: CV-Paulo_-Phagula-English-2018-Jan

- Your CV should be usable both digitally and in-print, meaning I should be able to
  see the URLs on it when printed and be able to click on them when on a computer
- Soft skills should be demonstrated in the work experience description not as a list,
  that is for technical skills
- When adding any sort of graph make sure it is understandable. There are lots
  of people adding some sort of graph to measure their skills, that go "JavaScript 35%",
  but what does that mean? Does the person understand 35% of JavaScript?

- Briefly describe your education: Which projects are you most proud of? Were you
  involved in any student groups? Did you receive any awards or recognition?

- Briefly describe you position: what were your day-to-day tasks at this role?
  What problems did you solve? How did your work improve the product? What
  technologies did you use?
  At least 1 of these bullet points demonstrates an individual contribution.
  At least 1 of these bullet points communicates a project result (success metrics, findings).

- When listing references, say who they are, what they do and what is the
  relation with them, i.e. why are they ideal people to recommend you, were they
  your boss or customer.
